
Theme 1: Inspiring and Motivating Individuals

Question 1.1	Describe a situation when you encountered a demotivated, disengaged employee. What did you do to address the situation and evaluate the outcome of your approach?
Question 1.2	What keeps you motivated at work? Why?
Question 1.3	You should know that we have limited funds for pay raises for next year. How would you keep your team motivated?
Question 1.4	Imagine a peer comes to you for advice. She has to deliver critical performance feedback to one of her employees who is struggling at work. How would you help her prepare?
Question 1.5	How would you manage perceptions of unfairness in your team?
Question 1.6	How would you go about developing an inspiring vision for your team?


Theme 2: Managing Talent

Question 2.1	In this role, you would have to build your own team. How would you go about locating and hiring the right talent?
Question 2.2	We are concerned about the upcoming wave of retirements in our ranks in the next six to twelve months. How would you advise we prepare? 
Question 2.3	We have two new teammates joining us next month. How would you structure their onboarding? 
Question 2.4	Describe a situation when you felt you did not effectively develop an employee. What happened? What did you learn from that situation? 
Question 2.5	If you were asked to design a performance management system for your team or organization, what would be the key features of the feedback system and why?
Question 2.6	We have a team member who needs coaching. How would you engage this person to help them improve their performance?


Theme 3: Influencing People

Question 3.1	What is the idea you are most passionate about? Can you try to convince me to support that idea in 2-3 min?
Question 3.2	Recall the last time you encountered resistance to your ideas. What did you do to overcome it? 
Question 3.3	How do you ensure that your peers and superiors are persuaded by your ideas?
Question 3.4	When was the last time you had to influence your superior? What did you do to be effective in that situation?
Question 3.5	Tell me about a time when you had to explain a complex problem/concept to a diverse audience. What was your approach and how did you gauge how successful you were?
Question 3.6	Describe a time when you had to achieve a goal working with a cross-functional team where you did not have formal authority. How did you operate? What challenges did you experience and how did you address them?


Theme 4: Managing Teams

Question 4.1	What do you believe enables a team to be successful? How did you leverage those success factors in your teams?
Question 4.2	Describe a conflict you were involved in. What happened and how did you go about resolving it? 
Question 4.3	Do you believe there is a place for conflict on your teams?
Question 4.4	How did you leverage diversity on your teams? 
Question 4.5	How could you improve the creativity of your team?
Question 4.6	Tell me about a time when your team did not make an effective decision, and how you would manage the team differently to ensure a more effective decision.


